This country is an enormous country with a population of 2917580 high elves
Bordered between tall mountains to the North, hills to the South, a small sea to the East and tall mountains to the West, this country mainly lives off herbalism, mining and alchemy.
This country itself is mainly covered in frozen lakes and has a cold climate, which has lead to a congested population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.
The country's landscape is gloomy; somber hills, ominous trees and rocky beaches are just a sliver of the bleakness This country has to offer, which is why the country is neglected among foreigners.
The people of This country are unwelcoming towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with bitterness. They feel foreigners could prohibit the country's well being.
This country has precise laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are unfriendly due to mediocre medicine, caused by technological setbacks.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two horizontal stripes in red, light brown, dark yellow and dark red. Their coat of arms is a bow and arrow on top of a hill.
The country of This country is a humble country with a population of 1217440 night elves
Bordered between huge cliffs to the North, tall mountains to the South, wasteland to the East and a stone wall to the West, the country mainly lives off crafting, leatherworking and fletching.
This country itself is mainly covered in grasslands and has a stormy climate, which has lead to a crowded population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in megalopolises.
The country's landscape is dark; depressing fields, ice-cold mountains and gloomy forests are just a sliver of the loneliness This country has to offer, which is why the country is rejected among foreigners.
The people of This country are insensitive towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with nonchalance. They feel foreigners could mutilate the country's well being.
This country has flexible laws and law enforcement, which is expected in their circumstances. The people are distressed due to infertile lands, caused by remnants of a civil war.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three connected cirlces in light blue, light silver and light orange. Their coat of arms are two fish above a lake.
This countryn is an average-sized country with a population of 436979 fairies
Bordered between a river to the North, a small mountain range to the South, wasteland to the East and a wide river to the West, This countryn mainly lives off weaponsmithing, fishing and jewelcrafting.
This country itself is mainly covered in barren lands and has a dry climate, which has lead to a stretched population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in villages.
The country's landscape is gorgeous; misty mountains, jade green fields and majestic mountain tops are just a sliver of the brilliance This country has to offer, which is why the country is cherished among foreigners.
The people of This country are supportive towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with warmth. They feel foreigners could intensify the country's well being.
This country has mild laws and law enforcement, which is normal for their situation. The people are distressed due to lack of trade, caused by irrational fears and superstitions.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has an important spiritual symbol in yellow, dark yellow, gold, blue and light pink. Their coat of arms is an animal's tail on top of three small circles
This country is a humble country with a population of 1060417 elves
Bordered between large hills to the North, a calm sea to the South, tall mountains to the East and highlands to the West, This country mainly lives off animal training, jewelcrafting and fletching.
This country itself is m1ainly covered in rivers and has a temperate climate, which has lead to a closely gathered population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.
The country's landscape is ominous; fiercy rock formations, withered flower fields and ominous trees are just a sliver of the unrefinement This country has to offer, which is why the country is shirked among foreigners.
The people of This country are unpleasant towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with coldness. They feel foreigners could injure the country's well being.
This country has loose laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are concerend due to deteriorating infrastructure, caused by irrational fears and superstitions.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has an important spiritual symbol in gold, brown, dark red and yellow. Their coat of arms is a lion with two keys on either side.
This country is an enormous country with a population of 14684321 gnomes
Bordered between large mountains to the North, tall mountains to the South, highlands to the East and a small ocean to the West, This country mainly lives off thieving, beer brewing and herbalism.
This country itself is mainly covered in deserts and has a warm climate, which has lead to a congested population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in huge settlements.
The country's landscape is lovely; silent mountains, green, open fields and luscious fields are just a sliver of the wealth of beauty This country has to offer, which is why the country is cherished among foreigners.
The people of This country are resentful towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with coldness. They feel foreigners could restrict the country's well being.
This country has pleasant laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are restless due to spreading diseases, caused by irrational fears and superstitions.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two diagonally divided parts in dark silver, orange and dark bronze. Their coat of arms is a twig on a shield.
This country is an immense country with a population of 4356325 humans
Bordered between a swampland to the North, a huge sea to the South, rich forests to the East and a river to the West, This country mainly lives off medicine, tailoring and carpenting.
This country itself is mainly covered in open fields and has a tropical climate, which has lead to a packed population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.
The country's landscape is treacherous; dark, gloomy forests, gloomy forests and decaying forests are just a sliver of the dysphoria This country has to offer, which is why the country is an avoided destination among foreigners.
The people of This country are selfish towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with neutrality. They feel foreigners could sabotage the country's well being.
This country has pleasant laws and law enforcement, which is fairly normal. The people are restless due to distressed nature and wildlife, caused by unfortunate genetics.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three vertical stripes in dark brown, yellow and light blue. Their coat of arms is a flower on top of three small circles.
This country is an average-sized country with a population of 785784 elves
Bordered between pristine beaches to the North, a calm sea to the South, a volcano to the East and mineral rich mountains to the West, This country mainly lives off armorsmithing, weaponsmithing and wine brewing.
This country itself is mainly covered in sand plains and has a calm climate, which has lead to a localized population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in big cities.
The country's landscape is fairly depressing; silent mountains, creepy, aquatic wildlife and gloomy forests are just a sliver of the desolation This country has to offer, which is why the country is evaded among foreigners.
The people of This country are generous towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with warmth and kindness. They feel foreigners could raise the country's well being.
This country has tight laws and law enforcement, which is what you'd expect. The people are mellow due to the calm nature around them, thanks to perfecting themselves after years of training.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has five vertical stripes in bronze, black, orange, brown and light blue. Their coat of arms is a castle on a circle.
This country is a humble country with a population of 1101074 wood elves
Bordered between frozen lands to the North, a huge mountain to the South, a calm sea to the East and a small ocean to the West, This country mainly lives off wood production, wine brewing and carpenting.
This country itself is mainly covered in rivers and has a snowy climate, which has lead to a sparsely spread population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in tiny settlements.
The country's landscape is friendly; impressive architecture, sapphire lakes and misty mountains are just a sliver of the majesty This country has to offer, which is why the country is embraced among foreigners.
The people of This country are sympathetic towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with a feast. They feel foreigners could boost the country's well being.
This country has tough laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are hostily due to recent destructions, caused by recent climate changes.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three connected cirlces in light red, silver and blue. Their coat of arms are three fish on top of a wave.
This country is a small country with a population of 410380 orcs
Bordered between highlands to the North, a large mountain to the South, a small sea to the East and large mountains to the West, This country mainly lives off woodcrafting, animal training and alchemy.
This country itself is mainly covered in rock formations and has a polar climate, which has lead to a cramped population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in huge settlements.
The country's landscape is dour; rocky beaches, steep, sinister mountains and prickly flowers are just a sliver of the desolation This country has to offer, which is why the country is scorned among foreigners.
The people of This country are alienating towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with bitterness. They feel foreigners could hamper the country's well being.
This country has calm laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are distressed due to recent wars, caused by unfortunate natural properties.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has the country's outline on a background in dark blue, dark yellow, grey, light purple and orange. Their coat of arms is a snowflake surrounded by leaves.
This country is a large country with a population of 9411616 dwarves
Bordered between a marsh to the North, huge mountains to the South, rich forests to the East and large hills to the West, This country mainly lives off hunting, medicine and weaponsmithing.
This country itself is mainly covered in large hills and has a windy climate, which has lead to a crowded population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in metropolises.
The country's landscape is quite pleasant; gorgeous farmlands, gentle hills and gorgeous flower fields are just a sliver of the delicacy This country has to offer, which is why the country is favored among foreigners.
The people of This country are unwelcoming towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with disintrest. They feel foreigners could thwart the country's well being.
This country has flexible laws and law enforcement, which is to be expected. The people are agitated due to infertile lands, caused by natural disasters.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two horizontal and 1 vertical stripe in dark orange, brown and grey. Their coat of arms are angel wings on top of a stripe
This country is a tiny country with a population of 864289 high elves
Bordered between large rock formations to the North, a calm sea to the South, a large, frozen lake to the East and wasteland to the West, This country mainly lives off alchemy, war and fishing.
This country itself is mainly covered in rock formations and has a wet climate, which has lead to a tightly concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in metropolises.
The country's landscape is friendly; green forests, small, playful waterfalls and neverending fields of green are just a sliver of the features This country has to offer, which is why the country is loved among foreigners.
The people of This country are compassionate towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with generosity. They feel foreigners could invigorate the country's well being.
This country has mild laws and law enforcement, which is expected in their circumstances. The people are pacifistic due to great neighborly relations, thanks to a perfect climate balance.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three circles in dark brown, light red and light brown. Their coat of arms is an important spiritual symbol on a pentagon.
This country is a huge country with a population of 8319135 gnomes
Bordered between wasteland to the North, a wild ocean to the South, wasteland to the East and rich forests to the West, This country mainly lives off wine brewing, trade and armorsmithing.
This country itself is mainly covered in deserts and has a hot climate, which has lead to a cramped population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.
The country's landscape is depressing; wild, overgrown forests, withered flower fields and icy springs are just a sliver of the dysphoria This country has to offer, which is why the country is shirked among foreigners.
The people of This country are sociable towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with warmth and kindness. They feel foreigners could stimulate the country's well being.
This country has strict laws and law enforcement, which is predictable. The people are unbalanced due to deteriorating infrastructure, caused by angered spirits.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two circles in dark orange, light gold, orange, brown and light orange. Their coat of arms is a crescent moon on a circle.
This country is a large country with a population of 2066228 trolls
Bordered between a calm river to the North, a glacier to the South, a glacier to the East and frozen lands to the West, This country mainly lives off war, woodcrafting and animal training.
This country itself is mainly covered in tundras and has a polar climate, which has lead to a stretched population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in tiny villages.
The country's landscape is delicate; calm lakes, calm lakes and impressive architecture are just a sliver of the hidden treasures This country has to offer, which is why the country is cherished among foreigners.
The people of This country are hostile towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with annoyance. They feel foreigners could interfere with the country's well being.
This country has tight laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are irritated due to recent destructions, caused by remnants of a dark history.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has three vertical stripes and a cirlce in silver, light gold, purple, blue and light grey. Their coat of arms is a snowflake under a key.
This country is a modest country with a population of 1269714 dwarves
Bordered between a large, frozen lake to the North, a sea to the South, a bamboo forest to the East and a jungle to the West, This country mainly lives off alchemy, fletching and wine brewing.
This country itself is mainly covered in hills and has a wet climate, which has lead to a compactly concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in settlements.
The country's landscape is frightening; murky lakes, murky lakes and concealed mountain views are just a sliver of the obscurity This country has to offer, which is why the country is avoided among foreigners.
The people of This country are tolerant towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with food. They feel foreigners could promote the country's well being.
This country has mellow laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are agitated due to traitors and spies, caused by horrible leadership.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has an important spiritual symbol in dark grey and white. Their coat of arms is a dagger on a pentagon.
This country is an immense country with a population of 2734308 dark elves
Bordered between huge, open plains to the North, fjords to the South, a calm ocean to the East and rough beaches to the West, This country mainly lives off animal breeding, tailoring and crafting.
This country itself is mainly covered in flatlands and has a humid climate, which has lead to a loosely concentrated population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in tiny villages.
The country's landscape is wicked; black lakes, forgotten farmlands and creepy, aquatic wildlife are just a sliver of the harshness This country has to offer, which is why the country is shunned among foreigners.
The people of This country are rude towards foreigners and tend to welcome them with bitterness. They feel foreigners could further delay the country's well being.
This country has calm laws and law enforcement, which is quite normal. The people are irritated due to lack of freedom, caused by lackluster and lazy lifestyles.
This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two horizontal stripes and a cirlce in grey, dark bronze, silver and dark purple. Their coat of arms are two cats under a key.



